For quick start, please refer to my tutorial videos in the following links:

All tutorial videos:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EveE2IcXGeI&list=PLJQvoQM6t9Ge2ehO4N1kNq3jvHmVst_el

The latest prefab is recommended for direct use (mainly for dekstop usage, refer to first video above).

Drag the prefab named "SKY MASTER v4.2 Prefab - All systems & Volume Lighting LINEAR COLOR" in the scene
after deleting the current directional light and camera. Then camera can be replaced by any other, as
long as it is tagged as "MainCamera" and the one in the prefab is deleted.

For mobile there is a dedicated scene, that will also cover all older mobile phones (SM2.0).
Scene name is "SkyMaster 3 Mobile Water Demo with Sky v3.3" in "EXTRA SM DEMOS AND ASSETS" folder.

Script reference and guides- manual can be downloaded from the  following links:

Manual: 
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qp3hkFWJVMntaEXGupOlgtV5FRa7OA1p

Script reference: 
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tIpFnWzFOErDlVDLiZc99rK6qABhKPy9

For any questions please contact me in my discord channel:
https://discord.gg/X6fX6J5

Or in my email:
artengames@gmail.com


Quick Tips:

NOTE 1: Add Volumetric Gradient Fog from Camera FX ("Add Volumetric Fog" button) section BEFORE adding the new Volume Clouds (InfiniCLOUD) to camera and set it up, 
when the step by step configuration is used.

NOTE 2: Add the new Volumetric Clouds (InfiniCLOUD) to camera by inserting "InfiniCLOUD" component in the camera object. Press the buttons to setup. Use after the
main Sky Master ULTIMATE system has been setup.

NOTE 3: If game crashes (actual build of the game) in Unity 2018.2 and above, probably is a Legacy Paricle conponent left in the scene.
Use the included converter in Assets -> Upgrade Legacy Particles, with the scene open to convert the Legacy to Shuriken and solve the issue. Also place 
a material for Lightning before any conversionn, as a lightning line renderer must also be created for the case lightning particles existed in the scene. 
"Lightning Mat 5" is the recommended material to use.

NOTE 4: Volumetric light shadows work with 4 cascades in shadow settings in some Unity versions.

NOTE 5: The system can be setup Step by step using the Configurator (SkyMaster script) or using the prefabs in the PREFABS folder
Use the v3.4 prefabs for older systems and mobiles and the v4.2 with the new clouds for stronger systems. The new clouds are compatible
with mobile as well (enable the WebGL option for that purpose and put the mobile factor to zero)

NOTE 6: The demo scenes can be used to customize and create new prefabs, just drag all items inside the main prefab object and Apply them
in inspector to get a new prefab.

NOTE 7: You may use the WeatherRandomizerSKYMASTER and TimerSKYMASTER scripts, attach them to the skymaster object and trigger random 
weather effects or set precision time. Those can be also used as base templates for scripting the system, they showcase how to change
weather and time of day by setting up the proper variables.

NOTE 8: Add a layer named "Background " before setting up blending of back layer in the new volume clouds (IndiniCLOUD).
Before press "Setup Back Layer" button, after inserting the InfiniCLOUD script in the camera and after having pressed the first button
to do the base cloud setup.

NOTE 9: The folders "EXTRA SM DEMOS AND ASSETS" and "EXTRA DEMO ASSETS" from the Sky Master and GI Proxy folders may be deleted or not inserted in the
project to get the Barebone version of Sky Master, to minimize space taken in the project.

NOTE 10: Add the "Conductor" Tag in the project and in any item that would like to receive lightning in a storm.
Add the "Flamer" and "Flammable" tags to use the special FX like propagating fire and ice.



